# Pacmen Factory

## Description:
  - This is a beginner's accolade to the Pacman game.
  - In this version, Pac-Men are generated by clicking on the Add Pacmen button.
  - The first time you click on Add Pacmen, one Pac-Man is generated, and upon every consecutive click, two Pac-Men are generated.
  - Pacmen will begin moving once you click on the Start button.
  - The Pacmen will move across the screen and will change sirection when they hit the page width limits.

## Launch Page:

  - [(https://vikramprabhur.github.io/pacmen-factory/index.html)] 

## Future Improvements:
  - My next iteration would be to allow the user to guide the Pacman to eat all the dots placed on the screen.
  - The following iteration would be a more complex version with the game board and the specified paths through which the Pacman can travel to find and eat dots.
  - The final iteration would include Ghosts chasing Pacman while he navigates the board to eat dots. 

## License:
- MIT License

Copyright (c) 2020 John Williams

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

- Vikram R. Prabhu

##

### Contact:
- vikram@vsprabhu.com
